improve(ai-agents): refine Claude Code agent files for accuracy and consistency RD-1169056 (#530)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: all_things_ai/ai_agents/claude_code/.claude/agents/ft-csdk-fix.md

- Use **Read** after **Edit** to verify
- Use **Bash** with timeout parameters

# Community Connectors & Patterns

> Community connectors are useful references during debugging — not just for the same source, but for any connector that uses the same auth method, pagination approach, or sync strategy as the one being fixed. A bug in OAuth handling may be solved by studying a different connector that uses OAuth correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community connectors are useful references during debugging — not just for the same source, but for any connector that uses the same auth method, pagination approach, or sync strategy as the one being fixed. For example, a bug in OAuth handling may be solved by studying a different connector that uses OAuth correctly.
```

- Browse the full list: https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/
- Browse a specific connector's directory first — structure varies (some have subdirectories or multiple approaches): `https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/connectors/<name>/`

Common patterns are useful references when the bug involves auth, pagination, or sync behavior:
- Browse: https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/

> If the bug reveals a **fundamental design issue** rather than a code error — wrong auth approach, wrong pagination strategy, wrong sync pattern — recommend `ft-csdk-discover` to find a better starting point rather than patching symptoms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the bug reveals a fundamental design issue rather than a code error, such as using the wrong authentication approach, pagination strategy, or sync pattern, recommend using `ft-csdk-discover` to find a better starting point rather than patching symptoms.
```
